if your are a small business. is impossible to make every action you have made well know to customers.Lately, Eric.V.Holtzclaw, CEO and founder of LadderingWorks, shared some permanent skills to propagate and develop your business, in fact, you don't have to be filled up with gimmick or fashion.

1.Deliver your stuff
FrozenPints rapidly developed their bear and ice-cream business by taking apart in exhibitions and farmer market.They make one strategy , make products free to customers, and if they want more, just go to the real store to buy it!
2.Be social
Bella is a top communicator. She hardly miss every single activities in the city.All the contribution she made to the community, make people who need support in the filed she focus, come up with her in the first second.

3.create your own activity
if you are not interested in taking apart activities , make your own ones.DarrashBurstin has build one of the most successful social activities at Atlanta.
    4.voluteer to lead a organization
    To make full use of a group of people or a organization is not just taking apart, but lead.Take LisaC for example , being the chairman of the enpremuter organzation make her the smartesting people in the fast growing bussiness.

    5.start podcast
    Tidd created their own podcast, featuring the interview with other enoremuter. People love to tell stories, at tend to strengthen it in the podcast. Through this you can build a instant and meaningful connection with them

    6. be supportive
    Most of the small business make effort to balance the finance. IconGroup hold quickbook chatroom every Thursday night to answer the small bussiness owner , who can be the potentail client.

    7.A E-mail a day
    If you want to keep a close connetion with your client, there's no more important way than sending a mail each week.SoarWithEagles's RickHoucek sends a mail a week to the client, which he call two minute Stimulation a week. Eric hope to receive it, which he always re-send it to other people.

    8.Support a idea
    LANSystem held a anural barbequ at earh-day.They encourage people attend with their electronic trash, a old monitor or CPU.In the last activity, them collect device over 2 tons, and put them in the trash. This certainly do good favor in their fame to their client.

    9.Sponsor a organization
    Many local organization is not expensive, if your care about your cost in every meeting you held, you can sponsor one year first.If your product appear their audience, your product get exposure when they receive the e-mail.Attendent always remember and thank for the company which support the organization they love.

    10Make cool Premiums
    When your company struggle in choice for premium to give the customers, you should give something that is important for the customer, you definitely don't want you premium stay in the desk or bag all the time.

    Finally, nothing seems straight-forward enough in tips that Eric provided, but they can definitely bring permanent effect to your target clients. 
